## Quiz 1

### Question 1 (8162)
The ad-click events are listed in the field ad-clicks.csv. Each advertisement that is clicked on by a user generates $0.50 of revenue. What is the total amount of revenue generated by the ad-click events?
	
	host="PinkFlamingo.local" source="ad-clicks.csv" | stats count by txId | stats sum(count) as TotalClicks | eval Revenue = TotalClicks*(0.5)

### Question 2 (9)
How many different categories of advertisement are there?

	host="PinkFlamingo.local" source="ad-clicks.csv" | stats dc(adCategory) as adCategories

### Question 3 (6913)
Let's say electronics generates $0.75, and the other types of advertisements generate $0.40. What is the total amount of revenue?

Get the revenue of the electronics category (823):

	host="PinkFlamingo.local" source="ad-clicks.csv" adCategory="electronics" | stats count by txId | stats sum(count) as TotalClicks | eval Revenue = TotalClicks*(0.75)

And then get the revenue of other categories (6090):

	host="PinkFlamingo.local" source="ad-clicks.csv" adCategory!="electronics" | stats count by txId | stats sum(count) as TotalClicks | eval Revenue = TotalClicks*(0.4)	

### Question 4 (428)
The file *buy-clicks.csv* lists the in-app purchases and the price of each purchase. When a user purchase and item, the company gets 2% of the price. How much revenue does the company make from the purchases in the *buy-clicks.csv*?

	host="PinkFlamingo.local" source="buy-clicks.csv" | stats sum(price) as TotalSales | eval Revenue = TotalSales*(0.02)

### Question 5
How many distinct item can be purchased? (6)
	
	host="PinkFlamingo.local" source="buy-clicks.csv" | stats dc(buyId) as Items

### Question 6
How much does the most expensive item cost? (20.0)

	host="PinkFlamingo.local" source="buy-clicks.csv" | stats max(price) as maxPrice

### Question 7
What is the buyId of the item that is purchased the most? (2)

	host="PinkFlamingo.local" source="buy-clicks.csv" | stats count by buyId | sort 1 -num(count)

### Question 8
How much money was made from each item?

	host="PinkFlamingo.local" source="buy-clicks.csv" | stats sum(price) by buyId

### Question 9
Total amount of money spent by the top ten users (ranked by how much money they spent).

	host="PinkFlamingo.local" source="buy-clicks.csv" | stats count by buyId